w-21979430 content for verified agents-jh (#353)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/asset-details.adoc

image::ex-search-spec-and-pages.png["Search results for the term ruleset highlighted in the documentation"]

== View Instances

> View the instances of APIs and other assets in the *Instances* list on the asset details page. Instances are managed or unmanaged (non-managed). Managed instances are managed in API Manager. For example, when you register an API in API Manager, it creates a managed instance. This instance is linked to a specific runtime (like Mule Gateway or Anypoint Flex Gateway). Its instances (sandbox and production) appear automatically in the *Instances* list. The list includes the instance name, version, environment, URL, visibility, and if an agent instance is verified via GoDaddy Agent Naming Service (ANS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the instances of APIs and other assets in the *Instances* list on the asset details page. Instances are managed or unmanaged (non-managed). Managed instances are managed in API Manager. For example, when you register an API in API Manager, it creates a managed instance. This instance is linked to a specific runtime (like Mule Gateway or Anypoint Flex Gateway). Its environments (sandbox and production) appear automatically in the *Instances* list. The list includes the instance name, version, environment, URL, visibility, and whether an agent instance is verified via GoDaddy Agent Naming Service (ANS).
```

Unmanaged (external) instances run outside Anypoint Platform. These instances are primarily for discovery—helping your team find all APIs in one catalog even if they aren’t governed in API Manager.

> Instances for brokers are created in the YAML in Anypoint Code Builder. After the agent network project is published to Exchange, the instances appear in the *Instances* list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instances for brokers are created in YAML in Anypoint Code Builder. After the agent network project is published to Exchange, the instances appear in the *Instances* list.
```
